Minor doc enhancements to Security Basic Auth docs (#34320)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-basic-authentication-tutorial.adoc

    }
}
----

> * Finally, implement an `/api/users/me` endpoint that trusts users who have the `user` role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Finally, implement an `/api/users/me` endpoint that can only accessed by users who have the `user` role.
```

Reviewer: It does not sound quite right,  the endpoints themselves are not involved in the RBAC process

Author: @sberyozkin - Fixed. Thanks for your suggestion.
